Problem Statement: Your rover has been dropped onto a Martian landscape at the
                   starting coordinate with instructions to visit a particular site.
                   The landscape is defined as a rectangular system of size W,H.
                   Each grid point is either safe (1) or unsafe (0) to cross.

                   Input Line: startX, startY, endX, endY, width, height, 
                               110101010101010001… 

                   startX, startY – Rover starting position
                   endX, endY – Rover end point
                   width, height – map width and height
                   110101010101010001… string representing each grid point and
                                       whether it is safe to cross.
 
                   Output: startX, startY, X1,Y1,X2,Y2,X3,Y3…endX,endY

                   All grid coordinates from start to end.

                   Please write a console based application  in C++ or Java.

                   Tests are required

                   Validate that a valid path is generated

                   Validate that if there is no valid path the right error 
                   is displayed

                   Imagine you are writing this software for Tableau.
                   You expect this software to be code reviewed by other
                   engineers and checked into our code base. Years later,
                   imagine another software engineer needs to make
                   modifications to your software to support other use cases.
                   How would you build this in a way which easily permits
                   modification by other engineers?
 
Description: This source code directory is for Mars Rover functionality. The
             main function reads start coordinate, end coordinate, grid width,
             grid height, grid string from user via console. Then it creats a
             RoverMapper object and calls getPath() to get the path.
             
             Rover.h is the header file containing the RoverMapper class
             definitions and some other variable definitions used.

             Rover.cpp is the source code containing the RoverMapper class
             implementation along with all the member function implementations
             getPathInternal() is the private method used to calculate the
             path from source to destination. It uses the concept of DFS.
             It maintains a vector to store the path and prints it when we
             reach the destination.

Steps to execution:
             1. run "make clean" to clear any remaining objects/executibles
             2. run "make all" to build all the source codes. It will create
                an executible named 'out'
             3. run "./out" to run the executible.
             4. Enter the values as prompted on the screen.
             5. It will display the results on the screen in the end.

Assumptions:
            1. Our Mars rover can move only in 2 directions. One is straight
               forward and another is straight in downward direction.
            2. We parse the grid string such that every 'width' chunk of
               elements comprise of a row. So there will be 'height' number
               of rows in our grid and 'width' number of columns.
            3. We return the first found path from the grid. We are NOT
               searching for shortest path.

Future enhancements:
            1. If we need to add more directions for the rover's movement
               the only change required will be to change the macro
               MOVE_DIRECTIONS' value and add x and y cordinates to
               rowMove and columnMove arrays for this new direction.

Tests:
            1. Test for invalid input from user for all possible fields
               It should throw an error.
            2. Test for grid with no path
               It should inform that no path is found.
            3. Test for grid with multiple paths
               It should display any one path
            4. Test for grid with only single path
               It should display that path.
            
            test logs are in test.log file attached.
